hello very good morning today we are going to
work with an ingredient that has been
one of the maximum contributions of
mexico to kitchens around the world
the tomato next the
ingredients
and here we are going to do a procedure
what is it called is footwear let's go
the tomatoes a few minutes water
hot that I already have the stove and for
that the skin comes out faster because the
we want without skin they will see how easy
we're just going to make a little cross
in the part that is called the peru ass
here we are going to make a cross
to all our tomatoes and of
preference when you make this sauce
use very ripe tomatoes not the
green tomatoes or when at home already
have some days there with the tomatoes
and they are spoiling take out
do this procedure and they will see
how delicious is your sauce for pizza for
pasta also garlic very important
this flavor that we are going to give to our
sauce with garlic
use two teeth
today I think I did not have a good breakfast because I did not
I had the strength to cut my eyes another
big
now yes blunt and look how good
how fast the skin of the waves
is
we help with this and we have
ready 2 cloves of garlic
our tomatoes cut so they do not
come out of the skin and now
we also go to the stove where the
water is boiling
Well, we have our tomatoes ready
after being in cooking
approximately
four minutes and you how fast it comes out
the skin
here we have to do a little bit
hot so I helped me with a
knife
to remove the skin of the tomato because
if we need all this skin and zita
stay out before liquefying
this I here I'm removing the
certain are our beds
very well, because our tomatoes are already
well pegaditos just crush them a
little look at you this water that they have
it's just the tomato juice nothing
more crush them to help you a little
the blender
let's put in the blender
with all excessive
let's add the garlic
a lot of flavor here we are going to eat
the Italian flavor with mccann oregano
and we will also put some herbs
Thin improved in rosemary thyme
salvia 100% Italian flavors have
here tomato puree
and this is also going to help us
although the tomato already with its own
juices
it's not going to liquefy very well
we repeat the procedure of not putting
the lid and liquefy
our sauce list look I'm
making 22 preparations for
which can we use it
you can use it as a means as a
base for a pizza for a sauce if the
we want more thick we leave it
minutes more on the stove so that the
sauce condense a little more and
only with being here putting him
we know the aroma of oregano
garlic those delicious Italian flavors
Now we go to the oven and try
Well, since I'm ready with my
spoon to delight with these rich
hikes look how fast how easy what
practical and what a nice way to
present to the family something that
surely they will share at home here
we have our dolls
do them and that we continue giving that
value so important to Mexican tomatoes